add: tac/project-updates/2025/2025-annual-Cacti.md (#108)
LF-Decentralized-Trust/governance: tac/project-updates/2025/2025-annual-Cacti.md

[OpenSSF Scorecard Page](https://scorecard.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/hyperledger-cacti/cacti)

- The 6.3 score is less than ideal on scorecard, but we are still in the process of figuring out how to tell scorecard about certain things such as our fuzzer (Nuclei DAST) which the report says we do not have. 
- Another false-negative in scorecard is the old CII-Best-Practices badge which we do have, but it might've gotten lost in translation at the time when we moved to the new GitHub org from `hyperledger/cacti` to `hyperledger-cacti/cacti`.

## Maintainer Diversity

<mark>_How many maintainers do you have, and which organizations are they from? How has the maintainers and diversity of your maintainers changed in the past year? Has the number of active maintainers increased/decreased? Has the diversity of maintainers increased/decreased? Please include a link to your existing [MAINTAINERS file](../guidelines/MAINTAINERS-guidelines.md) and the MAINTAINERS file from last year (if appropriate). This is a good opportunity to ensure that your MAINTAINERS file is up to date and to retire any maintainers._
</mark>

> - We have **8 maintainers** at present from 4 different organizations: Fujitsu, IBM, Tecnico Lisboa, Accenture.

Reviewer: Rafael mentioned above seems to be from `Blockdaemon` should this be in the list?

Author: @EnriqueL8 My information might be outdated by Rafael told me to put him down as a representative of the university. I think we had that discussion a while back so it's possible he'd prefer Blockdaemon at this point. @RafaelAPB, any preference?

Reviewer 2: Blockdaemon is fine, thanks @petermetz @EnriqueL8

- The number of active maintainers has **increased** from 7 to 8.
- The number of maintaining organizations has **increased** from 3 to 4.

Current [MAINTAINERS.md](https://github.com/hyperledger-cacti/cacti/blob/36959b326f8a4c08c99fe2bf87b00c7996d49edd/MAINTAINERS.md)
and previous (Jan 1st, 2024) [MAINTAINERS.md](https://github.com/hyperledger-cacti/cacti/blob/1fb2551a055daf202d2def0fcb3de990a44cfb03/MAINTAINERS.md)

## Project Adoption

> The detailed answer about adoption has been published earlier and can be read through this link: https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger-hip/blob/gh-pages/HIPs/graduated/cacti.md#real-world-use

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The detailed answer about adoption has been published earlier and can be read through this link: https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust/project-proposals/blob/gh-pages/proposals/graduated/cacti.md#real-world-use
```

Semi-success. We have a long way to with this task still, but much progress has been achieved.
Our excellent mentee Jennifer has done an outstanding job of bringing it all together through the new COPM module which 
was also recently presented at an LFDT meetup.
This package increases re-use by enabling certain Weaver components to be used from other non-weaver packages.

> Adding more plugins for other forms of DLTs and also legacy/centralized systems that need to trade assets.

Great success! The daily pair programming sessions shined on this one! Peter and Cheesecake Labs' Fifo have worked together on
the Stellar connector which was then also presented at a conference by Cheesecake Labs.
https://github.com/hyperledger-cacti/cacti/pull/3296
https://github.com/hyperledger-cacti/cacti/pull/3274

> Issuance of the much anticipated v2.0.0 final/GA/etc. release in Q1 or Q2 the latest!

We've successfully released v2.0.0 and v2.1.0 in the meantime. 
Artifact publishing is on hold at the moment due to the migration effort from the old org to the new org.

### Next Year's Goals

> 1. Have the Typescript reference implementation of the IETF Secure Asset Transfer Protocol (SATP) deployed to at least one production project.

Reviewer: `deployed to at least one production project.` I struggle with this goal as it's hard to measure this from an open source perspective. Would be interested to redefine this goal as maybe `Helping production project with a dedicated discord channel and support`

Author: @EnriqueL8 Got it, let me refactor.

Author: @EnriqueL8 https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust/governance/pull/108/commits/bd85b1a3cf7fdd2d0f655e9a161abebaf9ad209c
